While the toy brand kills its plans for an oil-free plastic alternative, it’s still pumping out billions of non-biodegradable bricks a year. Can Lego ever be sustainable?
Beyond fish? 3D-printed vegan salmon hits the markets in Europe thanks to foodtech startup Revo Foods.
In an era where concern for sustainability can be good business, the Starbucks disposable cup may be on its way to extinction.
A luxury cruise ship carrying 206 passengers has run aground off the coast of Greenland.
Starbucks is quietly testing out a new reusable cup and even a cup-washing station as it looks to move away from disposable cups.
Open Your Eyes is an outdoor photo festival in Zurich, Switzerland, until October 15, 2023. It is an effort to inform and understand the UN's 17 Sustainable Development Goals (SDG) through photography.
[Read More]
To limit global warming to 1.5° Celsius and mitigate the effects of climate change, we must transform how we power our lives, grow our food, transport our goods, and build our cities. A regenerative approach holds the key to sustainable economic growth, parti…
In a novel conservation strategy, the small South Pacific island state of Niue is offering individuals and institutions the opportunity to sponsor its marine sanctuary, home to pristine coral reefs, sharks, whales and hundreds of fish species.
Filed under:
 Design/Style,Green,Volvo,Green Automakers,Deep Dive,Crossover,SUV,Electric,Luxury
 Continue reading Volvo EX30 Deep Dive: Designing a budget SUV
Volvo EX30 Deep Dive: Designing a budget SUV originally appeared on Autoblog on Tue, 19 Sep 2023 19:…
Made From Cork, This Rocking Chair Is A Sustainable And Minimal Furniture Piece For Your Home2020 was a life-altering and drastic year, and 2023 has been the year we get to redeem all our careless mistakes of the past and...
Nigeria's President Bola Ahmed Tinubu announced a new ministerial portfolio in August: Marine and Blue Economy. This was welcome news as it renewed hope for economic development outside the oil sector. We asked marine sustainability and blue economy expert Is…
Alongside the new iPhones and Apple Watches, as rumored, Apple made the move to eliminate leather accessories. The premium replacement is called FineWoven and comes in up to five colors for iPhone 15 cases, MagSafe wallets, Apple Watch bands, and more. Check …
Kathleen McLaughlin, executive vice president and chief sustainability officer for Walmart, describes how Walmart operates at the vital intersection where business, society, and a healthy planet meet.
Nachhaltigkeit und Energieeffizienz spielen auch im Supercomputing-Bereich eine immer größere Rolle. Am Beispiel des Projekts LUMI zeigt sich, wie sich der&hellip;
Forecasts can now predict the location and onset of marine heat waves that can disrupt marine ecosystems. Scientists say the next step is to forecast what happens to top predators that inhabit those ecosystems.
Using this concept, water-stressed countries were able to overcome water scarcity in their environment and economies by importing food grown in countries where water was more available.
Bringing sustainability to fashion means pushing back on all the incentives that are driving the $1.7 trillion global fashion industry.
Working with IIASA researchers, Ghana has adopted a citizen science approach to addressing the problem of plastic pollution in marine environments, becoming the first country to integrate this type of data on marine plastic litter into its official monitoring…
Apple’s sustainability goals take shape in its first carbon-neutral product, This article explains why it matters.
A startup is recovering materials from mine tailings and restoring surrounding ecosystems
The post Making jewellery sustainable with regenerative mining appeared first on Springwise.
Meet the sportspeople and organisations who are using the power of sport to help create a more sustainable future.
Experience the wildlife-rich Galapagos on Aqua Mare, the newest luxury ocean vessel of Aqua Expeditions and the first of its kind in this archipelago.
Brazilian architectural firm Estudio Guto Requena has recently completed an innovative pop-up store for Nescafé. Located in São Paulo, the Dolce Gusto Neo store has been constructed using algorithmic 3D printing, and is built using biodegradable materials and…
Biologist Nathan Reed considers the wonder of God's creation as he reviews 'The Underworld: Journeys to the Depths of the Ocean' by Susan Casey (Doubleday, 2023).
A new study updates the planetary boundary framework and shows human activities are increasingly impacting the planet and, thereby, increasing the risk of triggering dramatic changes in overall Earth conditions.
Here's a quick recap of all the products Apple showcased at its &quot;Wonderlust&quot; event in September 2023.
People have been using fire for millennia. It is a vital part of many ecosystems and cultures. Yet human activities in the current era, sometimes called the "Anthropocene," are reshaping patterns of fire across the planet.
ABB is partnering with Samskip to build hydrogen fuel cell powered container ships for short range ocean voyages.
Lessons from past eras when Earth was a hothouse or a snowball tell us whether we are doomed by climate change or still have time to prevent that fate
The charity is believed to have saved 40,000 lives since 2015.
Milciades Concepción, Panama’s Minister of Environment, reflects on the country’s conservation program designed to safeguard its natural resources and drive a sustainable economy.
Online merchants have an outsized impact on the environment. 
The post How Ecommerce Stores Become Sustainable appeared first on Practical Ecommerce.
Adidas is unveiling a fresh array of color options for the NMD_S1
 just in time for the approaching autumn season. As the weather cools 
down, the NMD_S1 is shifting to a more understated, military-inspired 
color palette. The upper showcases a variety of oli…
LG has quietly, but with great purpose, been laying the foundation for its future growth strategy, placing big bets on three key industries at the heart of the future global economy: AI, bio and cleantech.
Top 10 Sustainable Furniture To Make Your Home An Eco-Friendly Dwelling2020 was a life-altering and drastic year, and 2023 has been the year we get to redeem all our careless mistakes of the past and...
From the team behind The Snug comes Little Shucker, a chic, modern oyster bar on the always bustling Fillmore Street.
A proposed hotel complex on Florida's Treasure Coast could serve as a model for environmental sustainability. Such a vision would balance community concerns while attracting a clientele that seeks out green businesses and pays more for eco-friendly products a…
A research team from American University has spent the last three years collecting samples from several freshwater streams that feed into Washington, D.C.'s Anacostia River. They have been looking for microplastics.
Volcanic ash is no ordinary dust: It gets injected into the atmosphere, climbs to the stratosphere, impacts climate, powders roadways and clogs jet engines.
Is sustainable development an oxymoron? Eight years on from the launch of the SDGs, little progress has been made.
[Removed]
Wheels Up is again turning to Delta Air Lines for C-suite leadership. This time it is turning to Delta Board Member George Mattson as its new CEO.
A new study updates the planetary boundary framework and shows human activities are increasingly impacting the planet and, thereby, increasing the risk of triggering dramatic changes in overall Earth conditions.
A barista grabs the mug, dries it and prepares Patton’s order — a 16-ounce Starbucks double espresso on ice.  “Saving the environment is important and all...
Nearly 10 years ago, I had the opportunity to visit French Polynesia and stay in an overwater bungalow on the breathtaking island of Moorea. Waking up every morning and diving off the deck into some of the most crystalline waters I’ve ever seen was truly magi…
Dezeen has announced the 150 projects longlisted for this year's Dezeen Awards in the interior categories, including interiors by studios Olson Kundig, Neri&Hu, Patricia Urquiola and Morris+Company. The 150 longlisted projects, which are in the running for aw…
Between now and the end of this decade, climate-related investments need to increase by orders of magnitude to keep the world on track toward achieving even more ambitious targets by mid-century. Fortunately, if done right, such investments could usher in an …
Between now and the end of this decade, climate-related investments need to increase by orders of magnitude to keep the world on track toward achieving even more ambitious targets by mid-century. Fortunately, if done right, such investments could usher in an …
In today’s rapidly changing world, the importance of protecting our environment and embracing sustainable living practices has become more evident than ever before. The undeniable impacts of climate change, including escalating greenhouse gases, rising sea le…
The awe-inspiring entries to the Ocean Photographer of the Year 2023 contest have been released.
[Removed]
It is estimated that events produce ten percent of the world’s carbon. Imagine the difference the industry could make if it significantly reduced its carbon footprint.
-Andrea Doyle and Refugio Garcia
Photo Illustration by Thomas Levinson/The Daily Beast/Getty
Under the waters of the North Atlantic, hundreds of meters of seaweed rope lines used to farm algae are being strung up—the magic ingredient, a growing clutch of startups believe, in fighting climat…
Exclusive, eye-opening, one-of-a-kind vacation experiences. Which of these destinations would fascinate you most?
EXCLUSIVE: The Thessaloniki International Film Festival’s industry-focused AGORA section has selected 15 projects from 14 countries for this year’s Crossroads Co-production Forum. Scroll down for the full list of projects.  Hailing from across southeastern Eu…
These stunning locations feel out of this world, but are actually right here on Earth.
This year, the hotel is echoing this flamboyance with a 12-month programme of celebratory events, including a $25,000 holiday experience, and multi-million dollar reno...
Sep. 17—Gov. Josh Green today plans to tell a United Nations sustainability conference that the devastating Lahaina wildfire represents the world's current...
When you travel, keep an eye out for the latest perks and offerings at hotels around the world. Here’s the latest you need to know for hotel stays in the coming months.
Chery Malaysia says that it has started customer deliveries of the Omoda 5 and Tiggo 8 Pro SUVs, which are locally assembled in Kulim, Kedah. Launched in July, CKD production started in the following month and pre-delivery inspection (PDI) for the first batch…
For a generation and more, Starbucks’ throwaway cup has been a cornerstone of consumer society, first in the United States and then globally.
As the world addresses the challenges of climate change, sustainable finance has largely focused on atmospheric climate mitigation. However, the ocean economy and the United Nations Sustainable Development Goal 14, "Life Below Water," have remained underinves…
[Removed]
Sheraton Waikiki's $200 Million renovation offers a world of difference.
In 2021, a series of HSBC advertisements started appearing on bus stops around the UK. Part of a campaign centered on the slogan “Climate change doesn’t do borders,” the posters paired images of trees and ocean waves with statements about …
I believe that miners that build recycling into their supply chain have a huge advantage in terms of supplying metals to OEMs.
Protecting the fragile underwater ecosystems and achieving business goals don’t always go hand in hand, but it can. Preventing groundings and collisions means minimizing ship downtime, avoiding injury to passengers,...
Françoise Gaill, Bruno David, Patricia Ricard, Michel L'Hour et Olivier Roellinger se sont exprimés en ouverture de la 2e édition de Grand Océan, qui s'est tenue les 29 et 30 septembre à Cherbourg-en-Cotentin, à la Cité de la Mer, et le 1er octobre à Omonvill…
On both sides of the Atlantic Ocean this past week, senior members of the Royal Family stepped onto the world stage — and put a prime concern they share front and centre.
[日本コカ・コーラ株式会社]
　日本コカ・コーラ株式会社（本社:東京都渋谷区、代表取締役社長:ホルヘ・ガルドゥニョ、以下「日本コカ・コーラ」）と、全国5社のボトリング会社等で構成されるコカ・コーラシステム（以下「コカ・コーラシステ...
An offshore hydrogen and ammonia production platform design from the Korea Research Institute of Ships & Ocean Engineering (KRISO) has received approval in principle (AIP) from ABS. The design developed...
In an era marked by growing awareness of the need for businesses to make a positive impact on society and the environment, The Shed 28 (TS/28) emerges as a trailblazing purposeful growth company that wields marketing, creativity, and innovation as powerful to…
Have you heard of the term “micro-influencer”?  In the vast digital ocean of influencer marketing, it’s easy to get swept away by the allure of big celebrity names.  Yet, micro-influencers, with their niche charm, often pack a punch that’s hard to rival. Thin…
Human activity has now gone past six of nine planetary "boundaries" that are important for maintaining Earth's stability and resilience.
The Minister of Marine and Blue Economy, Adegboyega Oyetola, has disclosed that the Nigerian Ports Authority will soon commence the implementation of full automation and cargo tracking to promote ease of doing business across various ports in the country. Oye…
The Minister of Marine and Blue Economy, Adegboyega Oyetola, has disclosed that the Nigerian Ports Authority will soon commence the implementation of full automation and cargo tracking to promote ease of doing business across various ports in the country.  Oy…
The world’s 28 poorest countries are facing growing social, economic, and political distress, owing to rising debt burdens, diminishing development prospects, and chronic underinvestment. The world’s wealthier countries have chosen exactly the worst moment to…
[Removed]
[Removed]
(Bloomberg) -- In 2021, a series of HSBC advertisements started appearing on bus stops around the UK. Part of a campaign centered on the slogan “Climate...
The Austrian fiber producer also revised its outlook for full-year 2023 based on "weak" market conditions.
【記者王雯玲／高雄報導】海洋委員會海洋保育署第17期「海洋漫波」季刊今(28)日出刊！本期文章主要呼應2023
FIFA has decided to host the 2030 Centenary World Cup across three continents and six countries. The hosts are Spain, Morocco, Portugal, Argentina, Uruguay and Paraguay.
"Girl just stop saying you care about the environment when you don't," wrote one social-media user, while another accused the reality star of double standards.
Yamaha Rightwaters will fund GSU’s oyster habitat restoration efforts, and the research team will also collect data to determine the carbon sequestration potential of Georgia’s oyster reefs.
With use of fossil fuels driving climate change, Bluetti offers products and advice to help everyone move to more renewable energy sources.
(via Cult of Mac - Tech and culture through an Apple lens)
Sustainability network EarthxTV has renewed originals House of What?!, Bike to Bites, Charlie Bee Company and Kill Your Lawn. The four shows will return in 2024 and the renewals come after those of Defenders of the Wild with Ivan Carter, Ocean Wonders and Wil…
The Laguna, a Luxury Collection Resort & Spa, Nusa Dua, Bali celebrates a momentous 32-year milestone as it gracefully concludes its full-scale transformation, a tribute to the captivating nature and indigenous Balinese culture that surrounds it. The resort i…
The world’s ecosystems need to be restored – and fast. Large corporations are well-placed to do so.
The Task Force on Nature-related Financial Disclosures recognizes the seriousness of biodiversity loss but cites the business opportunities for addressing it.
Under 30 lister and cofounder of Bound4Blue closed a nearly $17 million Series A funding round this month. Here's how her company is helping the planet.
Adding another layer to its sustainability pledge, luxury hospitality brand Anantara Hotels and Resorts is rolling out its signature CSR programme ‘Dollar for Deeds’ at all of its properties worldwide. First introduced almost a decade ago at select hotels in …
The marine and blue economy means the sustainable use of ocean resources and opportunities around oceans for economic growth, improved livelihoods, and jobs creation while preserving marine health and coastal ecosystems. It encompasses various economic sector…
(marketscreener.com) 
 TAIPEI Acer Inc. announced the publication of its 2022 Sustainability Report offering a transparent disclosure of company strategies, actions, and achievements in sustainability management. In addition, to reduce carbon emissions in shi…
America’s most Apple-loyal generation is also its most environmentally stressed. The tech giant’s first carbon-neutral product—and its ambitious climate plan—could challenge more companies to rise to Gen Z’s expectations and actually, genuinely do better for …
Wellness retreats are becoming increasingly popular among travelers of all ages. They offer a chance to disconnect from the stresses of daily life and focus on physical, mental, and spiritual well-being. Here are ten of the best unconventional wellness retrea…
Evidence that landfalling hurricanes may be tending to drift northward from the mid-Atlantic coast to the Northeast with a warming climate is cause for concern for New Englanders.
Global ocean hull premiums rose by 5.7% in 2022 due to increased activity, vessel values, and reduced market capacity, but change is on the horizon with inflation likely to have a significant affect on the marine insurance industry going forward, according to…
(marketscreener.com) 
 
 Bangkok - October 3, 2023 - Thai Union Group PCL, one of the world's leading seafood producers, has showcased its sustainable strategy SeaChange® 2030 at Sustainability Expo , the largest sustainability event in Asia, held at the Siri…
[Removed]